Add disabling contacts of particles with negligible motion (#720)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/parameters/dem/model_parameters.rst

* Three rolling resistance models are available in Lethe-DEM: ``no_resistance``, ``constant_resistance``, ``viscous_resistance``.

> * ``dynamic disabling contacts`` subsection deals with the enabling of the feature that disables the particle contacts computation when particles in a cell have low motion according to their granular temperature.

Author: Will reformulate

> * ``dynamic disabling contacts`` subsection deals with the enabling of the feature that disables the particle contacts computation when particles in a cell have low motion according to their granular temperature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``dynamic disabling contacts`` subsection controls the disabling contact mechanism for performance enhancement. This feature dynamically searches for cells with low particle motion (granular temperature), disabling the computation of contacts for particles within these cells.
```

>   ``enable dynamic disabling contacts`` enabled the feature, ``granular temperature threshold`` is the threshold of the granular temperature below which the contacts are disabled, and ``solid fraction threshold`` is the minimum solid fraction of the cell in which the contacts may be disabled.

Author: Yeah, this feature needs way more explaination. This is the minimal documentation just to keep track of it in the official doc, but I will do an example one day and I will extend the documentation here eventually. Is it ok with you @voferreira & @blaisb ?
